# Assignment

Create a simple browser-based chat application using .NET. This application should:

* Allow several users to talk in a chatroom .
* Get stock quotes from an API using a specific command.

# Features

* [ ] Allow registered users to log in.
* [ ] Allow users to talk with other users in a chatroom.
* [ ] Allow users to post messages as commands into the chatroom.
  * [ ] The format of the commands is: `/stock={stockCode}`
* [ ] Create a decoupled bot that will call an API using the `{stockCode}` as a parameter.
  * [ ] The url is https://stooq.com/q/l/?s={stockCode}&f=sd2t2ohlcv&h&e=csv
* [ ] The bot should parse the received CSV file. 
  * [ ] It should send a message back into the chatroom.
  * [ ] Should use RabbitMQ. 
  * [ ] The message will be a stock quote.
    * [ ] The following format: `MSFT.US quote is $250.42 per share`. 
    * [ ] The post owner will be the bot.
* [ ] Have the chat messages ordered by their timestamps.
* [ ] Show only the last 50 messages.
* [ ] Unit test the functionality you prefer.

## Bonus

* [ ] Have more than one chatroom.
* [ ] Use .NET identity for users authentication.
* [ ] Handle messages that are not understood or any exceptions raised within the bot.
* [ ] Build an installer.

# Checklist

* [ ] Open 2 browser windows and log in with 2 different users.
* [ ] The stock command isn’t being saved on the database as a post.
* [X] The project is totally focused on the backend.
* [ ] Confidential information are secured.
* [ ] Chat does not consume too many resources.
* [ ] The code is versioned with Git locally.
* [ ] Use only small helper libraries.